[tense energetic music playing]
[whirring]
-[booming explosion]
-[crackling]
[music intensifies]
[beeping]
[screeching explosion]
[loud crash]
[explosion]
[screeching explosion]
[rapid beeping]
-[screeching blast]
-[crackling]
[screeching blast]
[whirring]
[sustained chime]
-[echoing blast]
-[screeching blast]
[booming explosion]
[echoing blast]
[whirring]
[mysterious music playing]
[narrator] Whether you believe it or not,
the world around you is filled
with strange phenomena
that science has yet to explain.
And in those unfortunate moments
when people come face to face with them,
they are helplessly thrown
into the dark depths of fear.
But there are those who
against the darkness every day,
shining a ray of hope into that chaos.
These warriors opposing
the shadows are called psychics.
PSYCHICS
You're in luck! I,
Reigen Arataka, shall accept this job!
Oh, my god, really?
Thank you so much! [sobs]
I had no idea who else I could turn to!
No one would take me seriously!
[Reigen] There, there. It's okay.
Now, the fee for my services
will depend on which course
of exorcism you pick.
[Hanako] Which course?
[Reigen] Option A,
the trial course, gets you 20%.
Option B,
the serious course, gets you 50%.
And Option C, the all-out course,
gets you a 99% spirit reduction.
A 100% guaranteed,
certain restrictions apply.
[Hanako] Reduction?
How should I put this--
Spirits are kinda like carbon dioxide.
-So you're saying they're poisonous?
-That's monoxide.
I mean they occupy
a sort of gaseous space.
Makes it a bit difficult
to completely get rid of one.
That said, have no fear.
If it comes back,
I'll get rid of it for 20% off!
-Oh! You're so amazing!
-Hold on a second!
Huh? And who might you be?
[Hanako] Oh, this is Taro.
He's my boyfriend.
-Ah, what a calm fellow!
-What's that supposed to mean?!
[groans] Stick to the subject.
-Listen up, you! This is all super shady!
-[Hanako chuckles hesitantly]
Hanako, you should really reconsider this.
[Reigen angrily] "Super shady," huh?
[sighs, calmly] I guess I can't blame you
for feeling that way.
I mean, all that stuff
about nightmares and ghosts?
What a stupid story.
I wasn't talkin' about her,
you snake oil salesman!
It's you I can't trust!
Just leave everything to me.
If I exorcise the spirit,
I'm sure Hanako's face
will return to normal, too.
There's nothing wrong
with her face, you moron!
-[cars honking]
-[Reigen] I see.
So you've been having these dreams
since you walked through
that abandoned building last week.
[Hanako] Yes, that's right.
They're so scary and creepy.
Here we are, Reigen!
It's that building over there!
[gasps] What an unbelievable aura!
This will be
my first big one in a long time!
-It's right over here.
-[Reigen yelps]
Hold up. Did you just point
at the wrong building?
[laughs nervously]
Uh, oh, so it's that one!
Funny story,
an immense aura was coming
from that other building, too!
These things happen, nature of the biz.
It gets confusing
with all these evil spirits
in the world, you know?
-[chuckles] Ah! Yes, that makes sense!
-Come on.
There's no way ghosts
are hangin' around everywhere.
Oh, no! A man-shaped evil spirit
almost walked through you!
-Huh?
-[Reigen] Phew! What a close call.
You can't be too careful these days.
[both gasp, breathe shakily]
[Taro whimpers]
[Reigen] The Butt-chin Goblin.
-Oh, what are you, eight years old?
-Shut your mouth, Taro!
-You're being rude!
-Eh?
He's the one who's being rude here!
Making fun of people's looks--
[Reigen] Now, now, Hanako.
There are always people like him.
Silly skeptics.
-Anyway, shall we go?
-[Taro grunts]
[Hanako] They say this place is haunted
by the angry spirit
of a man who saw a cockroach.
He freaked out and jumped so high,
his head went through the ceiling!
Such a horrific way to go.
-[whimpers]
-Get a grip. You believe that horse crap?
-[intriguing music playing]
-Ah, I see.
Everything's becoming so clear.
[Taro gasps]
He's so serious all of a sudden.
-Could there really be--
-I'm getting creepy vibes.
Even someone like me might
not be able to handle it!
-It's too dangerous!
-[both yelp, whimper]
[Reigen grunts]
Cockroaches are terrifying!
[Taro] Huh? Come on!
-There's no way this guy is a psychic!
-[Reigen screams]
[Taro] He's a complete and total fake!
[gasps, breathes shakily]
[Ceiling Crasher] How would you like
me to haunt your dreams, too?
A ghost!
EVIL SPIRIT: CEILING CRASHER
Maybe I'll use my curse
and crash both your heads
through the ceiling.
[screams] That's the guy who keeps
That's the guy who keeps
headbutting me in my dreams!
-Look! [screams]
-[Taro groans]
[Reigen] Ugh. He actually appeared.
I've got this! Salt Splash!
[narrator] This is one
of Reigen's special attacks,
where he violently throws
table salt everywhere.
This is just regular old salt,
you buffoon.
If it's not purified, it's not gonna work.
-[Taro] Huh?
-[Reigen] Impossible.
I heard that spirits were totally weak
against any kind of salt!
[grunts]
Well, if salt won't melt this guy down,
I'll just call my ultimate weapon.
[phone ringing]
Hey, Mob. Sorry, do you think
you could swing by?
I'm bein' serious here.
Evil spirit's right in front of me.
The client and the evil spirit
are both waiting,
so you'll need to hurry, okay?
-Cool. Thanks.
-[phone beeps]
[Hanako and Taro] Huh?
[upbeat music playing]
Hey! Mob! We were waiting for ya.
[Ceiling Crasher] Hmm?
[chuckles, scoffs] So after the salt,
you're sending in a middle schooler?
Get your-- [shrieks]
[screeching blast]
[narrator] He is Kageyama Shigeo,
also known as Mob.
An actual psychic,
mentoring under the questionable expertise
of Reigen Arataka,
who also happens
to be the protagonist of this story.
Master, I asked you not
to summon me on such short notice.
["99" playing]
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ One, two, three, four, five ♪
♪ Six, seven, eight, nine, ten ♪
♪ Eleven, twelve, thirteen
Fourteen, fifteen ♪
♪ Sixteen, seventeen
Eighteen, nineteen, twenty ♪
♪ Twenty-one, twenty-two
Twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Twenty-six, twenty-seven
Twenty-eight, twenty-nine, thirty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-one, thirty-two
Thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Thirty-six, thirty-seven
Thirty-eight, thirty-nine, forty ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Mob, Mob, what do you want? ♪
♪ Mob, Mob, why do you want?
Mob, Mob ♪
♪ Who do you want?
Move, move, just like Mob! ♪
♪ If everyone is not special
Maybe you can be what you want to be ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English]
♪ Your life is your own, okay? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
[in English] ♪ Eighty-one, eighty-two
Eighty-three, eighty-four ♪
♪ Eighty-five, eighty-six, eighty-seven
Eighty-eight, eighty-nine, ninety ♪
♪ Ninety-one, ninety-two
Ninety-three, ninety-four, ninety-five ♪
♪ Ninety-six, ninety-seven
Ninety-eight, ninety-nine! ♪
[song concludes]
SPIRITS AND SUCH
CONSULTATION OFFICE
[crows cawing]
[Reigen] Oh, man, you're a lifesaver!
Never thought that evil spirit
would actually show up.
Here. Your pay for the day.
[Mob] Oh, thank you.
That one today was just
a lower-level spirit,
so I really shouldn't
be paying you more than half.
But, hey, I'm a nice guy.
Think of your full pay as a bonus.
-[Mob] Right--
-Hmm?
-What's wrong? Are you not okay with that?
-Oh, no.
Just don't know why you called me
to handle such a weak spirit.
-I mean, ones like that--
-Uh! You just don't get it.
When you reach my level,
you get so crazy-strong,
you end up melting
everyone around you
during a simple exorcism.
That's why I ask you to take
care of the weaker ones.
Really? If you say so.
I'm also not quite sure
what you mean by "melt," either.
[Reigen] Well, of course you don't, idiot!
That's because you lack training!
You need to learn all you can
from me, your master!
Your powers are meant to be used.
Not doing so would be a waste.
Working for me gives you
the opportunity to help other people
and continue training at the same time!
Two birds, one stone!
But if you misuse a power such as yours,
it can only lead
to your own self-destruction.
That's why I'm teaching you
how to control your powers.
You don't want them to go berserk, do you?
[crows cawing]
[Reigen] Remember your promise.
You will not use your psychic powers
against other people.
[quirky music plays]
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
-[wobbly boing]
-[sighs heavily]
There you go again,
always bending spoons.
You really need to stop doing that,
it's a bad habit!
Oh, come now, my dear.
Shigeo's going through puberty.
A young man should be able
to bend a spoon from time to time, right?
[Mob chuckles nervously] Sorry.
And there you go, spoiling the boy again.
You need to learn a thing
or two from Ritsu, Shige.
He got another perfect
score on his quiz today.
Come on, Mom, anyone can do that.
Listen, if you ever need
someone to talk to, let me know.
I'll always be there for my big brother.
Thanks. I appreciate it. Will do.
And now you're spoiling
him as well, Ritsu.
The next one you bend gets replaced
using your allowance, you hear?
-[Mob] Huh?
-Sorry, dude. Tough break.
You're on your own when
it comes to what Mom tells you.
[Mr. Kageyama laughs] Now, you're
in a real pickle, aren't ya, Shigeo?
[student 1] Morning!
SEASONING CITY, SALT MIDDLE SCHOOL
-[school bell chiming]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[students giggling]
-Right?
-[student 2] Good morning, Tsubomi!
-Good morning!
-[soft music playing]
-Beautiful day, isn't it?
Oh! Guess what I saw on TV yesterday.
[student 3] What?
[Mob] Tsubomi's as cute as ever today.
Okay, class.
So what would be the answer for this one?
-Let's go with Kageyama.
-[Mob] Huh? Yes, sir!
[breathes shakily] Uh… Um…
I have no idea.
[teacher] If you can't solve this,
that would mean the only thing
you know how to do is addition.
-[sighs quietly]
-You were asleep, weren't you?
-[students laugh]
-Forget it. Sit down, please.
[Mob sighs]
[student 1] Heads up!
-[student 2] This way!
-[whimpers, grunts]
-[student 3] Pass, pass, pass!
-[groans]
-[student 4] Go!
-[student 5] Stop 'em!
-[student 6] Come on, pass it!
-[student 5] Move!
[pants]
[phone ringing]
[sighs]
-[Mob] Hello?
-[Reigen] Mob! How goes it?
Sorry to call you two days in a row,
but could you come down
to the station right now?
Sure. What for?
Well, we've got another job.
And it's a big one.
Right. Okay, see you soon.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[musical beeping and chiming]
[Reigen] Today's job is from
a local neighborhood council.
It's over at Honeido Tunnel,
along the old highway.
It's a famous haunted place.
The tunnel's always
had some shady stories,
and though it's been closed for years,
the bad rumors just won't go away.
Also, a number of college students
and bloggers have gone there
to snoop around a little
and went missing,
likely contributing to those rumors.
And this is the kicker.
[Mob] So, it's the site
of a huge group accident?
Yeah. The incident occurred
about 30 years ago.
From what it says here,
more than 20 people died at once.
The bitter hatred of all those people
must be swirling around that tunnel.
Oh.
[bus door hissing open]
-[wind howling faintly]
-[gasps]
[ominous music playing]
[Reigen] Stay on your toes, Mob.
Never know what might happen.
[Mob] Oh, right.
[Reigen] This is it.
Well, let's take a look around.
I, Reigen Arataka,
new star of the paranormal world,
will clean this place up.
We're gonna exorcise
every last one of them!
[footsteps scurrying]
[Reigen pants]
[Reigen] What's the big idea?
What are you doing, student?
You're coming, too!
It'll be bad if the sun goes down.
Mob, are you listening?
-Huh?
-I'm gonna go melt down a big one!
-So follow me! Okay?
-Sure, if you want.
You seemed to have it under control,
so I didn't think that you'd need my help.
Idiot! Who do you think's
gonna ex-- [clears throat]
I mean, this is nothing really,
but stick with me
so you can learn something.
-[Mob] You're amazing, Master.
-Huh?
I mean, this tunnel actually
seems pretty dangerous.
I can sense the presence
of a very powerful spirit further down.
Usually, haunted spots
like these end up being fake,
but, this time,
it's definitely the real deal.
If a normal person happened
to anger the spirit in here…
[Reigen] What would happen?
[Mob] They'd never make it
out in one piece.
-[grunts]
-[wobbly boing]
Of course they wouldn't.
That's why you and I,
are going to exorcise it.
All right, here we go!
Let me take the lead.
I'll be counting on you to support me
however you can from behind.
Right.
-It's kinda chilly down here.
-Yes, it is.
Great. We forgot to bring
flashlights with us.
[Mob] Master, don't you feel something?
[Reigen] Hm?
Well, it is pretty humid in here.
[Mob] No, I'm talking about auras.
[Reigen] Oh, right, that.
My nose is a little stuffy today,
so-- [sniffs]
Does that have anything
to do with sensing auras?
When you get to my level, it does.
Do you feel anything down here at all?
"Feeling anything" would
be an understatement.
There are 12, 18--
No, wait, I'd say even more than that.
Right nearby us.
-Oh--
-[Reigen yelps]
It looks like we're being surrounded.
They're going to attack us now.
All right!
I'll leave the small fry to you.
Go, Mob!
[energetic music playing]
-[crackling]
-[bursting]
Man, that's a lot of noise.
They're really strong, aren't they?
Hmm. If we were a couple of normal people,
we might have been in real danger.
Oh, well, I'm pretty sure
that took care of all of them.
Another piece of ca-- [groans]
There's someone right in front of me!
[shouting] Who are you? An evil spirit?
Oh, it's just a wrestler
screwing around in the dark.
Don't scare me like that!
I thought you were an evil spirit.
-[Boss grumbles]
-[Reigen] Now, go practice somewhere else.
Uh, Master? I'm sure you sense it,
but the boss of the evil spirits
is over there,
so watch out. Okay?
Oh?
[Boss chuckles]
EVIL SPIRIT: BOSS
[Reigen scoffs] So you're
the boss here, huh?
You may have tried to disguise
yourself as a wrestler,
but you can't fool me, you trickster!
[Boss hesitates]
[tense music playing]
You fool!
In this tunnel,
when my biker gang and I,
were driving through it,
the guy in front happened
to slip on a banana peel.
We all died! And I'm their leader!
Listen up, this tunnel,
is my turf now.
[shouting] Do you understand?
I'll crush every last intruder!
Here we go! I curse you!
Cigarette Burn Poltergeist!
[explosion]
[Boss gasps] What?
-My ignition attack, it isn't working!
-[Reigen scoffs]
-[Boss] A forcefield? No way!
-[crackling]
[Boss] How could this power
be coming from someone like him?
Oh, crap! I thought this guy was
just an average wimp!
[Reigen] Too late for regrets now, spirit!
The moment you tried to take on
the genius psychic, Reigen Arataka
was the moment your fate was sealed!
You're gonna be exorcised!
[echoing] Banishing Salt Punch!
[narrator] This is one
of Reigen's special attacks,
where he punches the enemy
with his fist covered in table salt.
[screams]
Hold on a second. That didn't hurt at all.
Oh, dear.
[Boss] So, you are a fake.
[shrieking] I'm disappearing. Wait! Wait!
-Go back to the ozone layer.
-[Boss pleading]
We were just being forced
to do this! [shrieks]
Hmm?
Uh-- Hey, what are you doing, Mob?
-Hurry up and melt him, already.
-Hold on a minute, Master.
-Let's hear him out, first.
-[hesitates]
[high-pitched voice] Sure, I may act tough
but neither me nor my gang
are anything compared
to the evil spirit down the tunnel.
We've been getting orders
from him all these years,
and that's why we've been scaring people
that come down here.
[scoffs] Do you think
you can fool the likes of Reigen
with such lies, you little speck?
I'm not lying to you!
It's just-- If I were to disappear
while being falsely accused,
my brothers, the Death Specters,
and I just couldn't take it!
-Our memories would never rest in peace!
-[pitiful music playing]
That's all I wanted to say!
Now you can make me disappear,
or melt, or whatever!
So your big plan is to try
to make us pity you?
Don't let him fool you, Mob!
Those are nothing
but the typical lies of a con artist.
-[music stops]
-Melt him.
-Before that, I'm gonna go have a look.
-Huh?
[Mob] It's a little weird
that the aura I felt before coming in here
hasn't disappeared yet.
-Something's still not right.
-[Reigen] Hmm?
I… I thought so, too…
-[Boss] Stop him!
-[Reigen] Huh?
No matter how strong that kid may be,
he doesn't stand a chance against it!
That thing is an evil spirit that's lived
on this mountain for hundreds of years.
Everyone that's died here
was killed by him, you understand?
So… So, you guys were also killed by--
No. Like I said, we just happened
to slip on a banana peel.
-[wobbly boing]
-[Reigen grumbles]
-[wind howling]
-[loud rumbling]
[screams, gurgles]
[screaming] You get it now?
If you care for that kid at all,
call him back. Hurry!
Uh, hey, Mob!
-Come back!
-[spirit growling]
-You listening to me? Come back!
-[whimpers]
-[upbeat music playing]
-[spirit growling]
[Mob gasps softly]
[spirit growls]
[spirit continues growling]
-[Boss screams]
-[gasps]
Mob?
[spirit growls]
-[yelps]
-[crackling]
[spirit groans]
-[explosion]
-[spirit screams]
[music concludes]
[loud thud and clatter]
Ah.
[grunts]
Hmm. Oh! You're safe!
Yeah. That evil spirit
wasn't very powerful.
[hesitates] No way! Who-- Who are you?
[Mob] Huh? Oh, I'm nobody…
You idiot!
You're Mob, and you are the student of…
the new star of the paranormal world,
Reigen Arataka!
-Oh, right. Sorry.
-[chuckles] I thank you, Mob.
Now the Death Specters Gang can leave
this tunnel and pass on peacefully.
-[Mob] Oh, could this be yours?
-Huh?
[Boss screams]
[gang member 1] All right, here we go,
Boss-man!
-Yeah!
-[camera shutter clicks]
["Refrain Boy" playing]
[whimpers]
I wanna thank you!
SELF-PROCLAIMED PSYCHIC:
REIGEN ARATAKA ~AND MOB~
[gang member 2] Thanks, dude.
[Boss] Now we can depart to the afterlife!
[song continues]
-[Reigen] Mob.
-Huh?
Our work here is done. Let's go.
Right.
BUS SCHEDULE
[bird chattering]
[hesitates]
-By the way, Master?
-Huh?
-Why didn't you do anything back there?
-[yelps]
Uh, well, you know, uh…
[coughs, clears throat]
Didn't I tell you from the beginning
that I'd leave the small fries to you?
-Ah! Oh, right.
-[chuckles softly]
[song continues]
SEASONING STATION
-[student 1] What do you wanna do?
-Let's get somethin' to eat.
-I'm not gonna last until I get home.
-[student 1] Sounds like a plan.
-Sorry to keep you waiting. Shall we?
-Sure.
-[Reigen] So, does ramen work for you?
-Uh-huh.
All right, well, if you're gonna
add on chashu pork, limit it to two.
[Mob] Okay.
[ramen vendor] Here ya go.
PROGRESS TOWARD MOB'S EXPLOSION
[song concludes]
[Reigen] A group of telepaths
suddenly appear
and disturb Mob's daily life.
Having doubts about his peaceful youth,
Mob heads into a world of women.
Where's the goal? Which way's tomorrow?
Next time on Mob Psycho 100, episode two,
"Doubts About Youth
The Telepathy Club Appears."
Watching it in real time? Wise decision.